There's a brand new free way to connect
Notebook LM and the power of it directly
with your AI agent directly inside Open
Claw. I'm going to show you how to set
it up today. It is free. It helps you
automate videos. Uh you can automate
podcasts, you can automate research.
Here's an example of a notebook we
actually created using this integration
and it's free and easy to set up. So let
me talk you through it and exactly how
it works. So you can see the details on
notebook LM um the GitHub over here. So
notebookm py and this is basically a way
to connect notebookm directly inside
your open claw. So for example you can
use a chat you can use research um you
can plug in sources etc. And then also
it's really powerful for content
generation. So you can generate
podcasts, you can generate video if you
use slide decks, infographics, quizzes,
flashcards etc using this combination.
And all you need to do to get started is
literally just go inside the chat and
copy and paste the GitHub link. Right?
So you can see the GitHub link over here
and then you go back into OpenClaw and
you would just say paste this in and you
just say install this. Right? Basically
what that does is installs the GitHub
extension that lets you control notebook
LM for free directly from OpenClaw. Once
you've done that you then just need to
log in to notebook LM which I've done
already. And from here we can start
generating outputs. So, for example, we
could say create a new notebook
about
today's new AI news update. Something
like that, right? And that's as simple
as it is for controlling this. Now, if
we actually say okay, what can I do with
the notebook LM integration? And it will
actually give you the examples of how
you can use this with notebook, right?
So, you'll break down. So for example,
you can create and manage notebooks, you
can run research reports, you can
generate video overviews and all sorts
of things, right? And it's it's easy
because you can control this from your
AI agent instead of having to go
directly into notebook itself. You can
for example be on the go, you can be on
Telegram uh controlling your open claw
and then you can go from there. And in
terms of what you can generate, well,
it's really powerful inside notebook for
generating like podcasts, infographics,
um any type of content. So just to break
that down, that could be audio views, uh
podcasts, uh video views, quizzes,
flashcards, slide decks, infographics,
mind maps, data tables, blogs, uh
reports, all sorts of things. And then
you're good to go from here. So here
here's some examples of like workflows
you could actually use. So it could be
like a research brief. You create a
notebook. Um you plug in a bunch of
sources. You ask for a summary, and you
generate a study guide. Or for example,
you could import articles, reports, or
transcripts, and then generate an audio
overview directly from Open Claw. So
here's an example of one that we
actually generated right here. And if we
go back to openclaw and we're like right
okay for the moldbook notebook generate
a video plus audio overview. And this
literally installed in about 2 minutes
as well. It's the smoothest way I've
seen to connect both. So you can see
here it's beginning to generate the
audio. And if we go back to the notebook
now we've got all of our deep research
on the left hand side which open
generated. And then you can see it's now
generating an audio overview based on
what we requested. So the cool thing
about running this is it's it's a free
way to generate all sorts of cool media
with open claw directly. And what I've
actually done is created something
called the lobster brain content agency.
And basically what you can do here is
you can connect notebookm and open claw
together and together you get a lobster
brain right an AI agent that can think,
research, create and produce content on
autopilot. So here's how the lobster
brain content engine works at high
level. The brain is notebook. This is
where all your knowledge lives. So your
SOPs, your training materials, your blog
posts, your PDFs, your research.
Notebook can basically plug everything
in and understand it deeply. It's like
giving AI a university degree in your
business. From there, use the lobster
openclaw, right? This is your personal
AI agent that runs locally on your
computer. It connects to notebookm and
it can create notebooks, add sources,
ask questions and generate content all
through simple commands that could be
inside the gateway or it could be inside
telegram, WhatsApp or discord. From
there you've got the content factory,
right? And this really where the magic
happens. So your AI agent talks to your
brain and produces podcasts, videos,
slide decks, quizzes, flashcards,
infographics, data tables, mind maps and
reading reports automatically and you
can easily get access to those. So if
you go back here you can see the audio
view generating and we automated this
whole notebook plus the content itself
using uh openclaw and then you've got
the distrib distribution layer right so
for example um you could with that
content generated you could post to
social media you could post your website
etc you could connect it to WordPress if
you wanted to and then the the feedback
loop here which is layer number five is
you check what's performed you feed
those insights into notebookm as new
sources
and your lobster brain gets smarter over
time, right? It's a self-improving
content machine. So, here's some
examples of what we could do, right? I
could, for example, like plug in the AI
profit boardroom
training docs and SBS into a notebook LM
notebook, then use OpenClaw to generate
like a deep dive episode uh as a podcast
that members can listen to on the go,
right? And then they can just get a
quick like 15-minute audio summary
whilst they're on a walk or whatever. So
if we go back to open claw over here and
we'll write okay generate quick
researched report of the latest news
today using notebook
and then we can actually ask it to send
us a link as well. Mister says, "I do
not want to learn claw code, but I have
to learn claw code." Once you learn it
though, it's it's a superpower. It's a
super powerful. So, I would recommend
learning claw code. There's not actually
much of a learning curve to it. Like,
it's really simple and easy to set up
once you've done it. So, you can see
it's now created the notebook inside
notebook. It's beginning to pull in the
research. Also, another little tip I'd
say here is like use GPT 5.4 if you can
with a wolf. It's just so much better
with open claw. I found that open core
doesn't break uh anymore com with the
new version of this. So you can see now
it's generated this new AI news roundup
and it's pulled in a bunch of sources on
the left hand side. Right? So this was
uh fully automated with notebook. All
right. So we've got two different
notebooks that we've generated. This is
the second one. It's pulled in all of
the sources and we've got a fully
trained notebook directly inside the
chat here. Right. So now if we go back
to open claw and we're like right okay
generate a audio overview plus an
infographic
plus a video at the same time using
notebook. You can see in the response it
gave me for creating the podcast and the
notebook it said I created a new
notebook pulled in sources using fast
notebook research and generated a quick
report inside it. And then we've got the
URL over here and it's like here's what
we use, here's how we did it, here's the
research mode, etc. And if you want
next, I can do this. Right? So we can
say yes, okay, do that. And then if we
check this URL that it's given us, boom,
we're in. Right? And it's actually
started to generate on the right hand
side here. You can see it's got a
briefing document with all the latest AI
news from today, which is pretty cool.
Then we've got the audio overview, the
infographic, and the video overview all
being generated at the same time. So,
it's an incredibly powerful way just to
make OpenClaw um way more useful and way
more actionable. Got to do some live
claw code videos. We actually already
have like we have a lot of of claw code
videos even like this week. It's been
pretty cool. What else we got here?
Provoking says, "Wow, so you are real. I
thought you were AI." Now, I'm a real
person. I do daily live streams every
day and you can connect with me inside
the AI profitable boardroom as well. Can
your program teach me two things? how to
go from not knowing AI to becoming a bit
mid-level with Claude and also how to
run an agency. Yeah, absolutely. So, um
if you go to the AR profit boardroom
link in the comments description or go
to the arprofit boardroom.com, you go
inside the classroom here, right? You
can go from beginner to expert with AI
automation using this 5week masterass,
right? So, it takes you from complete
beginner to expert with AI automation
and you'll learn how to build your first
AI agent in under five minutes. If you
want to learn claude code, type it in
the search bar and you can see all the
trainings that we've done. So, we've
done a lot of recent trainings like um
yesterday and a few days ago on claude
code. And these are like uh video
tutorials with step-by-step guides as
well on how to implement this stuff. And
then also, if you go inside the search
bar here, um go to classroom and you
want to learn how to grow an agency, you
can check that out right here. So we
literally guide you from like complete
beginner to like learning how to to grow
an agency based on what's working for
me. So you can get that all inside the
AI profitable. So if we go back now
you can see that with the AI news
roundup notebook that we've created.
We've got the infographic ready to go
and it's created a nice infographic.
It's generated a nice briefing report
and the video and audio will take a few
minutes but those are generated right
there. Right. So it's pretty cool. Igor
says, "What skills are the OG for
OpenClaw?" So, it really depends on like
what you're doing inside your business,
right? I would look at what you're doing
inside your business and then from there
you can figure out, okay, what are the
skills I need to give OpenClaw because
they change person to person depending
on your use cases and what you do
dayto-day. But the main thing you want
to look at is like what are you spending
time on and then how can you automate
that with OpenClaw, right? And if you're
not sure, just ask it uh what to do. So,
if you go inside here as well, go to the
SOP update section inside the classroom.
You can see we've got a full 6-hour
course and we show you like all the best
skills to install all the best use
cases. So, it's a 6-hour course on
OpenClaw. Then, we have another
three-hour course right here. And we
actually add new daily updates based on
what comes out with OpenClaw. So, I'm
always testing and improving OpenClaw
based on what I see come out and then I
show you exactly how to use this stuff
and uh some alternatives as well. So, we
got tons of training on that right here.
Fanny says, "Can you please drop a video
link to set up openclaw from scratch?"
Yes. So, if you go to
um the AI profit boardroom link in the
comments description or
aripitboarding.com, we show you how to
set it up from scratch right here, right
inside this course. So, um you can go
from there, but it's pretty simple and
easy. So, that's basically how to use
Notebook LM. We do have a bunch of use
cases inside the video notes from today
along with a 30-day plan. So, if you
really want to master this stuff, you
can see we've got a 30-day plan on how
to use notebook with openclaw and
basically automate whatever you want.
Now, some people say I need to know how
to code to use AI agents. Honestly, the
new empowering belief here to win with
AI is like to say right AI agents like
OpenClaw were built specifically for
people who don't code. So, the whole
design is based around messian apps. You
can text inside the gateway or inside
telegram just like you'd text a friend.
So, for example, like create a podcast
about this and uh you can go from there.
It's pretty simple and easy. Other
people will say, well, isn't notebookm
just for students and and note-taking?
The new empowering belief really is like
notebook is a full content production
engine hiding in plain sight, right?
Most people open notebook, upload a PDF,
ask it one question, close it up. Um,
but they're basically using a Formula 1
car to drive to the corner shop, right?
With Notebookm and the open core
integration, you can produce podcasts in
50 languages, videos in nine visual
styles, slide decks, infographics,
quizzes, flashcards, data tables, mind
maps, and full written reports all from
a single command. And other people
think, well, you need like expensive
tools to use this stuff. But actually,
the most powerful automation stack is
free and open source, right? Because
openclaw is free, notebook is free,
right? And uh if you run openclaw with
oama, then you can use a free API to run
it as well, right? So, you can run this
entire stack um for free, right? And
every tool that I've shown you um works
directly with that. So, thanks so much
for watching. If you haven't already,
feel free to get the AI profit
boardroom. It comes with all the video
notes from today, including the 30-day
plan, um 100 prompts on how to use this
stuff and get the most out of it. So,
for example, like how to automate slide
decks and infographics and audio and all
sorts of cool stuff. Just to recap
everything that we've covered today,
what is this integration? Well, you
basically get full access to notebook
directly with openclaw. What is
openclaw? It's a free open source AI
agent that runs locally on your computer
and connects to 50 messaging apps.
Right. How do they connect? So, you just
plug in that GitHub directly into
openclaw and then you can control
notebook through natural language
commands. What is the lobster content
engine? So, it's our five layer
framework for generating awesome content
with open claw and notebook. And then
the 30-day plan walks you through
everything on how to use it. We've got
115 prompts covering notebook
management, podcast generation, video
generation inside the video notes. And
if you want to get all of that, you can
get it inside the AI profit boardroom
link in the comments description or go
to the AI profitable.com. We also have a
full six-hour course on open core,
another three-hour course right here.
This is my AI automation community that
helps you save time, grow, and learn AI
automation. Inside the community, we
have 2,600 members, which means you can
ask questions, you can get help, you can
get support whenever you need it. We
also do weekly updates so I condense all
of my knowledge into one weekly update
to save you time and help you stay
focused. We have a daily accountability
group so that you can post your goals,
see what other people working on and
just stay laser focused on what you want
to achieve. And then also
you can jump on weekly coaching calls.
We have weekly video coaching calls
where you get help and support in real
time. You can meet people in your local
area. Just zoom into your local area and
you can DM people and then you get all
of my best trainings inside the
classroom here. So, for example, a lot
of people ask me like, "How do I
automate the AI avatar videos on my
channel?" This is how we do it, right?
We have a full video tutorial, the
step-by-step SAP right here, along with
uh playbooks on how to automate
Instagram shorts, newsletters, Twitter,
etc. And you can also see our daily
updates inside the SAP section here. You
can learn how to get more clients with
the agency course. And you can learn how
to rank number one with AI SEO and how
to grow a YouTube channel with AI based
on what's working for me. So feel free
to get that link in the comments
description or go to the
aiprofitborn.com.